chore: platform tools document behaviours around releasing (#396)
uktrade/platform-tools: README.md

> Check the [PyPi Release history](https://pypi.org/project/dbt-platform-helper/#history) to make sure the package has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [PyPI Release history](https://pypi.org/project/dbt-platform-helper/#history) to make sure the package has been updated.
```

Author: TY

- Where possible the upgrade path should allow for zero downtime, if this is not possible, it should be flagged up big and visible
- Pull the release information from GitHub Releases into the DBT Platform Documentation (currently WIP)
- Clicking "Publish release" in GitHub should automatically:
  - Run the full regression pipeline (currently WIP)
  - Automate version bumping based on the types in the commit messages (currently WIP)
  - Publish the package to PyPI
  - Trigger a rebuild of the DBT Platform Documentation, so it includes the latest release documentation (currently WIP)
  - Push a notification to the development community via the #developers channel in Slack

### Release procedure - Manual steps

- Create a new branch
- Ensure you have incremented the `dbt-platform-helper` package version in the root _pyproject.toml_ file. This new version will be released to PyPi and therefore should not already exist as a release version in [PyPI release history](https://pypi.org/project/dbt-platform-helper/#history)
- During the release process, we run both unit tests and regression tests
- Create a PR and have it reviewed
- On approval, merge to main

> - This will trigger a codebuild project called `platform-tools-test` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account to run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This will trigger a CodeBuild project called `platform-tools-test` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account to run regression tests on `merge to main / pull request created / pull request updated` events emitted by Github
```

>   This codebuild project runs on every `push / pull request created /pull request updated` event emitted by Github. It runs the regression tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - On _platform-tools_ Github, go to [`Releases`](https://github.com/uktrade/platform-tools/releases) page and create a new draft release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On _platform-tools_ GitHub, go to [`Releases`](https://github.com/uktrade/platform-tools/releases) page and create a new draft release
```

- To create a new tag, enter a version number that matches the `dbt-platform-helper` package version from the _pyproject.toml_ file, then click create new tag

> - You can generate the Github release notes automatically from the commit messages or add manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can generate the GitHub release notes automatically from the commit messages or add manually
```

  - Release notes should contain a link to the relevant pull request for convenience, eg: (#100)
  - You can remove references to usernames in each commit
  - Commits should be ordered by [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) syntax under the headings Features and Patches

>   - Publishing this new release will emit a Github `release` event that triggers a codebuild project called `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account to run. This runs the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which contains the build steps to publish the new `platform-helper` package version to PyPi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Publishing this new release will emit a GitHub `release` event that triggers a CodeBuild project called `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account. This runs the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which contains the steps to publish the new `platform-helper` package version to PyPI
```

>   - Publishing this new release will emit a Github `release` event that triggers a codebuild project called `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account to run. This runs the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which contains the build steps to publish the new `platform-helper` package version to PyPi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Publishing this new release will emit a GitHub `release` event that triggers a CodeBuild project called `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account. This runs the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which contains the steps to publish the new `platform-helper` package version to PyPi
```

>   - Publishing this new release will emit a Github `release` event that triggers a codebuild project called `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account to run. This runs the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which contains the build steps to publish the new `platform-helper` package version to PyPi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Publishing this new release will emit a GitHub `release` event that triggers a CodeBuild project called `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account to run. This runs the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which contains the build steps to publish the new `platform-helper` package version to PyPI
```

>   - A successful run merges your changes to the main branch (NO that's not true? Its already in main... so what are the consequences if the buildspec-pypi.yml failed?? )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A successful run publishes the new version to PyPI
```

If the buildspec-pypi fails then a new version won't be released to PyPi, but we'll still have the release in GitHub, we'd have to fix whatever the issue is and maybe trigger the CodeBuild job again manually.

------------

> ### Release procedure - Publish to Pypi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Release procedure - Publish to PyPI
```

> ### Release procedure - Publish to Pypi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Release procedure - Publish to PyPI
```

> ### Release procedure - Publish to Pypi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Release procedure - Publish to PyPI
```

>   Successful completion of the codebuild project `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account executes the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which publishes the new application version to PyPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Successful completion of the CodeBuild project `platform-tools-build` in the _platform-tools_ AWS account executes the _buildspec-pypi.yml_ file which publishes the new application version to PyPI.
```

  
  This build process involves the following steps:

  - Retrieving a list of prior releases from the `dbt-platform-helper` PyPI project repository.

>   - Verifying if the `dbt-platform-helper` package version in the root _pyproject.toml_ file exists in the list of releases obtained from PyPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Verifying if the `dbt-platform-helper` package version in the root _pyproject.toml_ file does not exists in the list of releases obtained from PyPI.
```
